dotnet-build: add page (#4340)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/dotnet-build.md

# dotnet build

> Builds a .NET application and its dependencies.

> > More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build>.

Reviewer: I was just thinking for these URLs across all the Dotnet PRs you've created (and I guess any existing ones?) it might be worth stripping the `en-us` slug. That way it should automatically use the locale that the user uses. 👍🏻

```suggestion
> More information: <https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/core/tools/dotnet-build>.
```

> - Compile the project or solution in the local path:

Reviewer 2: Do you mean the current directory here, or the `PATH` environment variable?
```suggestion
- Compile the project or solution in the current directory:
```
If the former, then this is more consistent with other pages :-)
